docs(k8s): update lb annotations docs (#2244)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/api-cli/using-load-balancer-annotations.mdx

  - You have [created](/containers/kubernetes/how-to/create-cluster/) a Scaleway Kubernetes cluster
</Message>

In Kubernetes, annotations are a way to attach metadata to objects, like pods, services, and more. These annotations are key-value pairs that can be useful for tools and libraries interacting with these objects.

These annotations are used to influence the behavior, settings, or configurations of the provisioned load balancer resource.

> For Scaleway Load Balancers annotations are prefixed with `service.beta.kubernetes.io/`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Scaleway Load Balancers, annotations are prefixed with `service.beta.kubernetes.io/`. For example:
```

  ...
```

> For a complete list of all load balancer annotations available on Scaleway, refer directly to the [Scaleway Cloud Controller Manager documentation](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cloud-controller-manager/blob/master/docs/loadbalancer-annotations.md) on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a complete list of all annotations available to use on Scaleway Load Balancers, refer directly to the [Scaleway Cloud Controller Manager documentation](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cloud-controller-manager/blob/master/docs/loadbalancer-annotations.md) on GitHub.
```
